okay up for sale is a squire made by
fender on 51 crafted in Indonesia as it
says this is a discontinued guitar
available only through eBay or other
used outlets pretty cool mix of
Telecaster and Stratocaster in fact it
has been reborn as a pawn shop prized
for about 800 bucks labeled as a fender
I'm going to demonstrate the pickup
sounds and they switching through fender
super tamp XD channel 8 which is kind of
Marshall voicing low low gain setting
now this guitar is a little bit
different there's a 3-way switch we've
got two pickups single coil neck double
coil bridge but with the ability to
split through volume push-pull the
single coil out so all in all you have
five combinations kind of run the range
between Telecaster and strat not exactly
sound like either but kind of its own
voice so I'm going to run through the
pickup configurations give you an idea
what it sounds like first one is bridge
with the humbucker
pretty crunchy a little bit less than a
modern humbucker um ii humbucking bridge
single coil neck
preach I me a little darker than a
Fender Strat with sound last set neck
only very strapped everyone
pretty familiar with that sound alright
now the last two sounds would be to
engage the push-pull that cuts the
single coil it cuts the humbucker out to
a single coil now you get something kind
of like a Telecaster
right
Elly is very user on your billion
sorry but then you said a strength
we kind of like is the neck and bridge
but with the single coil in the bridge
very like
that's very little wings down but a
little twang e'er then you're used to
normally that would be a middle and a
neck this with the bridge is a little
bit more high
that is a squire 51 available on
Craigslist or Ebay depending on which ad
you're looking at thank you